Fix incorrect pluralization of words ending in "on" (#119) (#146)
yiisoft/strings: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.6.1 under development

> - Bug #119: Fix incorrect pluralization of words ending in "ion" (@samdark)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #119: Fix incorrect pluralization of words ending in "tion", "sion" and "gion" (@samdark)
```
